PROJECT START (2025-05-11 13:40:08): 

This is my attempt at the TOP Landing Page project. I'm going to try and keep it as close to the example as possible, as per the brief, and I'm not planning on confusing myself with using any extra external images at the moment. Flexbox has been the absolute bane of my life and I anticipate struggling immensely in getting the div's to do what I want them to, so I'm going to take it slowly and try my best. Planning to update here maybe midway through, but certaintly at the end when I either complete the project or butcher it beyond all recognition.

UPDATE (2025-05-17 18:34:08):

I feel pretty satisfied with the small progress today. I haven't been able to get really started in a few days due to life, so it felt good to get stuck in today. Flexbox didn't nearly blow my brain as much as it seemed to before, which feels like incredible progress. I definitely feel like there are a number of areas on the page so far in terms of styling that could be tightened up to better match the example image, but I'm trying not to be too hard on myself. If I can get a full page that even slightly resembles the example, that'll feel like a HUGE win for me. The next section reminds me of the TOP plants info flexbox exercise, so I'm gonna review that before tackling the next section as I can't remember it very well at all. So far: feeling positive, and as if coding might actually be something I might be able to do (even in some small capacity). Crazy.

UPDATE (2025-05-18 23:33:06):

Only made small incremental progress today, and CSS styling of second section remains incomplete, but very happy to have got the majority down at the very least. Hoping to get the final changes written in tomorrow for the section two img subtext. Turns out that even after reading over the TOP plants section again, this style of flexing is still giving me a read headache. Very much looking forward to moving on after the required tweaks are finished!

UPDATE (2025-05-19 08:49:47):

Managed to get a bit of code written up before work this morning to get the aligning of the subtext sorted. Still not happy with its sizing, and the boxes are far more spread out than in the example image, but I'm going to sort that under optional tweaking at the end and move on next to section three. I keep reading everywhere that when you're stuck, sometimes you need to put it all down and walk away for a bit. Well, turns out sleeping made everything a little clearer and I was able to see where the alignment issue was straight away. I can't get everything to do exactly what I want it to first try, but that's the learning process I guess. Still feeling positive!

UPDATE (2025-05-19 22:45:23):

I'm sure the part of the page I've been calling "section three" is one of the easiest sections (if not the easiest of them all), but I feel really great to have managed to get it written up and styled in the tiny amount of time I've managed to grab this evening after work. Again, it doesn't look exactly like the example image (my whole page seems to be way wider lol) but I'm still pretty proud of it. Each time I hit save and the live server refreshes, I think I like it more and more, somehow. Only one final section and the footer left...

UPDATE AND PROJECT COMPLETION (2025-05-21 22:14:06):

Wow, it's finally finished, in all of its wide and poorly-coded glory. There were some really wobbly moments in there (random info flexbox, I'm glaring at you), but it's gotten to a stage I'm really happy with. I know that I have over-coded it into the ground, and there will be plenty of places where I can really tighten up what I've written to incorporate a lot more useful overlapping of classes/divs and a lot less repetition. I'm also painfully aware that on a mobile/tablet, this page will look awful at best and completely broken and illegible at worst, but I'm taking it all one tiny step at a time. 10 days ago, staring at the blank page in VSCode, I had a moment when I thought that I would never be able to produce anything. Now I look at the page and I see how much progress I've made in a relatively short time. I'm so proud. I definitely plan to revisit this code in a week or a month from now (if it doesn't end up being used as part of a future project) to see how the code looks to me then. For now, I plan to configure the project as a page on github, post it onto TOP, and move on to the next part of Foundations. Overall, this project has been really fun, pretty challenging, and the outcome has left me feeling really proud of myself and what I've achieved. It might not look like much to others, and god knows there are millions out there who could replicate the example image in a fraction of the time it's taken me and probably with hundreds of lines of code less... I couldn't though, not 10 days ago and still not now, but you only get better if you keep at it. I'm so glad I didn't quit! Big smile right now. Thanks TOP!
